yeah hi
you
I think I went out on tour with you or
partially to find myself I really came
to a place this spring where I felt like
I needed to try something different
to know myself on a different level as
an artist and as a person going out with
new lore to clubs and bars and some
places I never played felt like a really
good stuff to take on some of the nights
where things were ideal where we had a
packed house and fans in the audience
and it felt it's like nothing I've ever
really experienced before there's
something crazy and amazing and
exhilarating about being in a room
packed to the walls with people who are
there to hear your songs that I can't
think of many times where I've
experienced it up until this tour
there are other nights where you know
there's 20 people and they're all kind
of there to talk to each other and not
really to hear you and it's kind of
unnerving but in a way it's also really
helpful because it's a challenge and you
you have to win people over which I
think as in Titus's it's not the most
fun thing to do but it's it's a well
worth your time to study up on how to be
a better communicator so that when you
are in a room like that you can kind of
learn how to turn people's heads and
maybe pique their interest with
something worthwhile for them to hear
and if I can't do that I have a lot of
work to do
I'm learning to let loose a little bit
more and have a good time because I
really that's what I like to see when I
go to shows so I learned a lot of new
skills on this tour like I started
standing up with my keyboard instead of
sitting down and just that one thing
freed me up so much to be more
expressive and have more fun and move
around a little more and I saw a
significant difference in the response I
think I'm really just trying so simple
as little things sometimes can change an
experience and a dynamic that can be
really helpful to a live show so
standing up at my keyboard is a good
decision
I can't predict the future but I I feel
like I learned a lot of really important
lessons about music and emotion and
communicating and trying new things and
playing and having fun that are gonna
significantly impact the way that I do
this for the rest of my life